README

SpaceEnvironment Unity Project
	This unity environment is a two user environment. One user is the commander
 	and the other is the participant.

Commander: 
	The commander can send messages to the participant through the chat box. The 
	commander's scene view overlooks the whole space environment, and includes a
	small first-person view window in the top right corner which shows the first-
	person view of the robot participant. It is expected that the commander runs
	the environment through an OS application build or in the unity inspector so
	that chat messages and task performance can be logged to a local text file. 

Participant:
	The participant can also send messages through the chat box to the commander.
	The participant controls a robot which can pick and place certain objects in
	the environment. The participant can also interact with certain objects such
	as switches and doors, all which have their own unique interactions. There can
	only be one concurrent participant at a time in the hurdle test room. If more
	participants attempt to join the room, they will be disconnected from the 
	room and informed through an on screen message to wait for the current test to
	finish. The client build is a WebGL build that will be run in a browser. The
	participant has access to a "notes" screen to take notes about certain objects
	encountered during the task. 

The Task: 
	The commander will tell the participant to move certain objects to certain 
	locations during the task. The participant is allowed to ask questions about
	the environment and objects. To complete the task correctly, the participant
	has to interact with multiple objects such as doors and switch panels. 

Unity:
	The project is split up by scenes. There are four scenes. Two for the 
	commander and two for the participant. The participant is referred to as the
	"Player" and the commander is referred to as a "Spectator" by scene. There are
	tutorial and main task scenes for both the commander and participant. 

Photon:
	The unity project uses photon 2 to allow for the network connection. The 
	commander will run the US server and host the "hurdle test room" where the 
	task will be run. The photon view ID must be 3 on both the server and client
	end (Scene -> Managers). 

Scripts (Assets/Scripts/LUCI Scripts/): 

	PUN_Manager.cs
	* This script handles the network connection and most photon relevant code.
	  Object synchronization, connection managing, and chat functions are handled
	  with this script, along with the help of TransformObject.cs. 
	
	InteractOnClick.cs
	* This script handles most interactions that occur through the use of mouse
	  clicks such as picking up objects, placing objects, or interacting with 
	  switch panels. 

	Player_Controller.cs
	* This script handles player movement, namely, changing the position of the
	  robot and rotating the robot, which happens through the use of keypresses.

	ChatManager.cs
	* This script handles most chat functions along with PUN_Manager.cs. It also
	  handles data logging for the commander side. 

	PadManager.cs
	* This script manages the visibility of the "pads" which are unity GameObjects
	  that can be clicked on to place objects above. The pads toggle on and off 
	  many times throughout the task. There are a few niche pads which are used for
	  specific objects. These pads are managed by SimPadManager.cs and 
	  BypassPadManager.cs. 

	CanvasManager.cs
	* This script manages the toggling between the "Notes" canvas screen and the 
	  main canvas screen, which are the two different GUI views which can be seen
	  by the participant during the task. 

TODO: Maybe add information on internal unity inspector specifics? 
